en/step_1.md, before:

## Introduction

Add project description here. What will learners be making? Broadly what skills will they be learning?

### What you will make

--- no-print ---
Add instructions for interacting with the embedded content here.

<div class="scratch-preview">
  <iframe allowtransparency="true" width="485" height="402" src="https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/embed/160619869/?autostart=false" frameborder="0"></iframe>
</div>
--- /no-print ---

--- print-only ---
![Complete project](images/showcase_static.png)
--- /print-only ---

--- collapse ---
---
title: What you will need
---
### Hardware

+ A computer or tablet capable of running Scratch 3

### Software

+ Scratch 3 (either [online](https://scratch.mit.edu/){:target="_blank"} or [offline](https://scratch.mit.edu/download){:target="_blank"})
+ Python 3
+ This project can be completed in a web browser using [trinket.io](https://trinket.io/)

### Downloads

+ Download the project [starter file](https://rpf.io/p/en/projectName-go){:target="_blank"} if working offline

--- /collapse ---

--- collapse ---
---
title: What you will learn
---

+ Learning objective 1
+ Learning objective 2
+ Learning objective 3

--- /collapse ---

--- collapse ---
---
title: Additional information for educators
---

You can download the completed project [here](https://rpf.io/p/en/projectName-get){:target="_blank"}.

If you need to print this project, please use the [printer-friendly version](https://projects.raspberrypi.org/en/projects/projectName/print){:target="_blank"}.

--- /collapse ---

Commit message:

add connect and light led

en/step_1.md, after:

## Connect and test an LED

LEDs are delicate. If you put too much current through them they may burn out or even explode. To limit the current going through the LED, you should always use a resistor in series with the LED. The resistor can be anything between 47Ω and 330Ω. The lower the resistance, the brighter the LED will be.

It is always a good idea to test that your circuit is working, before you write any code. You can test your circuit using a 3V3 and GND pins on the Raspberry Pi.

---- task ---

Connect the long leg of an LED to the Raspberry Pi's 3V3 pin and the short leg to a GND pin. The resistor can go either side of the LED. In the diagram it is attached to the long leg of the LED.

![An LED and resistor connected from 3V3 to GND on the Raspberry Pi](images/led-3v3.png)

--- /task ---

The LED should light up. It will always be on, because it's connected to a 3V3 pin.

---- task ---

Now move it from 3V3 to GPIO pin 17:

![An LED and resistor connected from GPIO 17 to GND on the Raspberry Pi](images/led-gpio17.png)

The LED should now turn off, but now it's on a GPIO pin.

--- /task ---
